hello
i'm jill the google pro and we are going
live today to talk about how to market
your services-based business
if you are watching this recording later
on youtube welcome and if you're joining
us live right now so exciting to see you
i'm going to be joined in a few moments
by jenna from at jenna's page and we are
going to be sharing everything we can
with you about how to market your
service-based business hello nice to see
some familiar faces in here and some new
faces as well
i'm really excited to get together with
jenna today she is a fellow canadian um
hit my fyp a bunch of times shares great
social media advice and so we thought
social media advice for service-based
businesses and my advice google advice
for service based businesses let's get
together and share what we know over
little lunch learn hi nice to see you
and hi to those who are just joining who
are watching the recording later on
youtube the topic of today is how to
market your services based business and
so the way this is going to work is jen
is going to join me shortly and she's
going to give me advice for my business
uh based on my instagram presence and
then i'm going to give her advice for
her business um based on how she could
get started with google ads so if you
have any questions for how to grow your
services business whether through social
or other organic means paid free any
marketing questions you have about
growing a service-based business this is
live for you so feel free to just type
your questions into the chat and we will
answer
all the questions we can get to and hi
to those that are just joining my name
is jill i'm in toronto it is well
freezing today but not as freezing as it
has been lately um let me know in the
chat where you're joining me from today
and if you have any questions at all
about your services business i see we
have one or two realtors in here now um
i've worked with quite a few realtors in
my coaching business you folks have
very cool client base and very unique
challenges so
any questions about how to grow your
services business that's exactly what
we're here to talk about today hi jill
you are awesome thank you so much that's
so kind of you to say thank you
and then kyle kyle is my realtor do you
have any good real estate crm
recommendations
i don't have any real estate specific
crm recommendations for you
unfortunately
but i'm going to make a note of that so
that i can
find that out from my people who
specialize in real estate marketing and
i'm writing down your username kyle is
my realtor so that if i get an answer to
that i can let you know
and i saw jenna's here as well let me
add her as a guest
how are you
i'm good it's so funny that we are so
close to to each other geographically
but still connecting virtually
i know one day we'll be able to do this
like actually together like in the
backyard or something
yeah we'll have like a set it'll be
great
yes but not when it's like minus 17
celsius outside
let us know in the comments if you're in
toronto i want to know how many other
people oh joining from houston coco cool
yeah
yeah so for those who are joining us
live or who are watching this replay
later on youtube welcome uh the topic of
today is how to market your
services-based business and so i'll give
you the kind of the quick spiel of um
why we're here today jen and i will
introduce ourselves and then we're going
to be demonstrating some of our best
advice for you hi missouri hi london
england um some of our best advice for
you based on our businesses but of
course um we're here to answer your
questions so let us know what you'd like
to know
so this live today um gotta love the fyp
jenna hit my fyp for the first time
maybe a month or two ago it feels pretty
recently and i was blown away because
you know there are a lot of social media
experts on tick tock um but what i love
about you jenna and your advice is
you're not just saying like the same
crap that everyone's saying of like be
consistent and have content pillars and
use a hook like yes that is all great
advice um but you've brought up some
really unique
things like your tractors that you
talked about i hope we can get into that
today and framing things in a different
way um and so i was so excited um that
you agreed to go live with me today and
share some of that because i absolutely
love when you hit my fyp
ah you're the sweetest you know
i think what's kind of making me stand
out is i'm talking about marketing like
instagram is the main focus and that's
what i teach but marketing principles
you can apply across whatever platform
that you're on i just frame them as an
instagram thing um and that's so like
yeah we want to grow your followers yeah
we want you to get more engagement and
use engagement attractors but really we
want you to be able to sell and for
service-based business owners
they can have a really hard time because
they're looking at this visual platform
going well i can't just take a picture
of rmt i can't just take a picture of
being a nutritionist so it can be it can
be tricky but it's like my favorite
thing to sell is service-based
businesses
that's awesome well for those who are
just joining welcome i see algeria i see
uae we got people from all over the
globe joining us here today uh so people
who don't know me my name is jill i'm a
digital marketing consultant coach and
teacher i used to work at google i say
that a lot because i you know got to use
that i worked here for six years
and i left in april and so i specialize
in google ads and do coaching and
teaching and of course but also share
other marketing tips and actually to
your point one of my best videos of all
time is not even talking about google
ads it's talking about like a basic
marketing funnel of getting someone to
like know like and trust you and that's
one of my best videos of all time so
really excited to dive in um jenna why
don't you introduce yourselves for those
introduce yourself for those who might
not know you yet
yeah so hi i'm jenna i'm up here in
toronto canada as well and i am a social
media manager we have a small firm it's
called parkdale republic where people
can totally outsource their social media
to us but i also teach small business
owners self-employed people people with
side gigs how to market the out of
themselves
how to market themselves on instagram so
how to grow your instagram how to
maintain it um in 15 minutes a day how
to feel authentic instead of fake and
like
marketing principles how to actually
get customers from social media so
that's that's me
absolutely and so much marketing advice
really focuses on you know e-commerce
and products and shopify uh so we're
really excited to have this be very
services specific today uh so our only
request well two requests of those who
are joining us live today uh first is
ask us your questions we will answer as
many of them as we can so keep those
coming in the chat and second if you're
enjoying this live today just double tap
on your screen a couple of times that
will send likes which will tell tik tok
that this is a great live and invite
more people to join us today so feel
free to tap that screen as many times as
you like ask your questions we will
answer them uh and to those watching
this on youtube later you can ask
questions in the comments and we'll try
to respond to those as well thank you to
those sending likes amazing we
appreciate that um so let's take a
question here before we dive into our
businesses from trials from charles
sorry can you make two to three k for
month right from the start just by
consulting on this for companies do you
want to take that first jenna
just by consulting on marketing
yeah
okay so here's the thing i used to
consult and i made a pretty penny um i
was charging like at the height i was
charging like 400 usd an hour just to
console but what i was finding like
humble brag because it didn't work it
was a problem um what i was finding was
people are then leaving the consult with
more questions than answers um and
there's you can give everybody all the
strategy in the world but you need to
know the literal step-by-step how to
implement how to schedule that
implementation into your life in order
to get results so that's why i launched
the program which is a group program
because you're going to get the strategy
but you're also going to understand how
to actually implement it i've also been
so now i'm ranting but i've also taken
over um for clients with my firm for
full social media management who have
paid thousands of dollars for a
marketing strategy that they then took
home and had no idea what to do with so
like i mean if you want to con consult
and you have clients that are asking for
consults do it man like give them give
them everything but um i've just for me
i found that people need the like how to
implement in order to get the biggest
results
yeah and i would say something similar
like i make between 20 to 25 000 a month
canadian in my consulting coaching
teaching business um a portion of that
comes from me actually doing people's
google ads for them but every month that
portion gets smaller and smaller so for
me i started my business by doing
because i think before you can consult
on something you have to be able to do
it like see one do one teach one and
then as i was doing it more and more and
learning more and more lessons i've
slowly shifted and shifted to the point
that actually don't take on clients
anymore where i 100 do the google ads
for you i consult i coach i teach but
some of that coaching means i'm meeting
with someone an hour every single week
to help them and walk them through and
advance their skills so can you make two
3k months from start absolutely um but i
know that jenna and i were not the kind
of creators who were like just do this
and you can make all this great income
with these easy steps like no you got to
put in the work it's not going to just
happen overnight
um i see uh sarah asked what kind of
questions can one ask in this live thank
you for asking so we're here today
a great question um we're here today to
talk about any questions you have about
marketing your services business growing
your services business well i see one
question we've had in here from freya um
freya it looks like is an artist
and want to know some marketing um
that an artist could try so why don't we
start with that um i'll take a stab at
it and then jenna as well if you're
trying to market the an artist
and um i assume we're going to lean more
towards the free strategies before kind
of getting to the paid strategies might
what might you want to do so i have one
or two ideas and then i'm jenna surefrey
would love to hear ideas as well so the
first thing i think about when you're an
artist is you have both products and
services you have your actual art you
can sell
and then you have other products you can
sell whether it's like notebooks or mugs
or things that contain your art but then
don't forget as an artist you also have
a skill that other people might want to
learn so one way you could make money
for example is by offering painting
classes or even more than that i know
that when i worked at google and a lot
of companies do these like uh what do
they call them like um team building
activities and so we actually the team
building activity where um an artist
sent like paints and a brush and a
canvas to all of our homes and then led
us in this one hour workshop where we
all painted remotely and it was led by
an artist and that was a great other
source of income for that artist so the
very first step for you that i'd advise
is think about all the different ways
you could take your artistic skills and
monetize them the fancy way we say it
but just turn that into ways you can
make money and then once you've figured
out the ways to have products and
services and a mix of both um
think about okay now how am i gonna
market those things that's kind of the
first piece of advice i'd give what do
you think jenna okay i love that so i've
actually worked for like a handful of
visual artists this year
uh so i'm
fresh
i want to kind of talk about one of the
instincts i see that artists have that i
would challenge you to like switch which
is the instinct to make your instagram a
portfolio
because that is what instagram used to
be like like that that's one of those
tactics that kind of used to work but
everyone's sitting here on tick tock
right like we know what what
what content can be now and it's really
opened up so i would challenge you to
make your website your portfolio and
find other creative ways to utilize
instagram for your marketing so showing
me a little bit about yourself showing
me your process showing me behind the
scenes showing me you and your studio um
i had a painter in my program this year
who um like after say six weeks
revealed she had an entire
studio
with like like a gallery that was just
hers a gallery and i've never seen it on
social media i'm like this gives you so
much clout knowing that you have a gal
like a stunning gallery in the middle of
like victoria bc makes me immediately
ready to spend a few thousand dollars
more on each piece right and furthermore
one thing that she would do was she
would make the buying experience of a
piece of art like an experience so if
someone ordered something custom she
would like put it up on the wall like in
a in a prime location in the gallery and
have a private reception for the reveal
for the client so you'd come in and
she'd have like tea and cookies or
champagne or whatever and like a seat
for you to like have this reveal
um put that online like that makes me
i'm not only buying a piece of art that
i get to keep forever but i get to have
like this personalized buying experience
holy smokes
amazing marketing and then when you
share that online they're gonna share it
with their rich friends um
and people are gonna see that happening
right so um and use instagram in a
variety of different ways think about
different ways that you can uh
use the platform and use short form
video and all of that to sell your thing
absolutely and we have a few more
questions here we're going to get to now
just remind if you're liking this live
just double tap your screen a bunch of
times that'll send likes and get more
people to join us just like happened a
few moments ago so a very quick google
question i'll answer and then i say two
people have a similar question we can
tackle next so dealer wants to know is
google skill shop a good place to learn
about google ads absolutely google
skillshop is the official certification
from google in google ads it's totally
free and absolutely worth the investment
so yes i would say that but i saw sarah
and amira both had have similar
businesses and asked us about how to
market them so sarah has a virtual
school and is having trouble finding
people for her school and then amira
leads coding
classes and coding lessons and is
looking to find so education
services and how to market those um so
do you want to take a stab at this one
first jenna then i'll step in afterwards
ideas for um selling education services
okay so again
so i'm like not helping i'm in directly
helping i wouldn't just give you some
things to think about
um when you're selling something to
youth right so coding for kids she said
right
uh yes i believe it was
right yes keeping kids yeah so we need
to think about like who is your
marketing targeting because if you have
an instagram account that's geared
towards kids well kids aren't
necessarily on there so where are kids
and if you're targeting parents then
your messaging becomes different if
you're targeting parents come get your
kids enrolled so this comes back to like
niche and audience and conversations
like that so who are we really trying to
get the attention of and what words are
going to resonate with them right we
can't speak in kiddo language because
we're trying to get mom and dad's
attention and then why should mom and
dad care if their kid is enrolled in
coding or
what type of words are they using if
they have no idea what coding is they
just know their kid came home asking
about it you know that sort of a thing
absolutely it's a great point the
different audience and you can have the
same product marketed to two different
audiences and that requires a completely
different strategy so something i'll add
on to what jenna said is once you have
your two audiences whether it's for your
virtual school or coding or really any
kind of education you have the parent
and then you have the student for each
of those you can build a no like trust
funnel because people often don't just
like go to google say learn how to code
and boom buy from the first person they
see they want to know is this incredible
how is the course do people like it what
am i going to learn both
when i say the parent
parents can mean a lot of different
things and use that for simplicity's
sake the person who's paying parent and
then the student
may care about different things so how
do you get both parents and students to
know that you exist and the best place
to do that is on this app right here
short for video
and then once and i'm a google expert
advising that okay and then once they
know you exist what kind of content and
information can you share and
demonstrate that you are trustworthy
that you know what you're talking about
that your students are successful um
these are the kind of messages you'll
want to share and you know to appeal to
the younger audience the person who's
actually going to be taking the course
you want to make sure right that it's
not boring that it's exciting show some
of the cool coding exercises or some of
the final projects people came up with
like my brother actually teaches
computer science um the high schoolers
here in toronto and i once went over
when he was marking projects and they
all had to make a game and code it like
how cool is that like you could share
stuff like that across your social
channels to get the kids excited about
what they can build and then the parents
may care about that but they may care
about something
totally different i doubt at that point
they're gonna care like will this help
my kid get a job but just like are you
as the adult who's going to be spending
time with my child trustworthy and do
you know what you're talking about and
why should i trust you with my child
like those are some of the things you
might want to address so different
audience
and different content uh
to serve them and we have refat backing
us up the google skill shop is
incredible absolutely and so leah had a
question here i'm going to scroll back
to it what is the one single mistake you
see service based businesses make when
trying to market their business
i have an idea about this and then i
want you to come in after me jenna i
think the biggest mistake i see service
providers make is starting with selling
i see quite a few whether it's on um
tick tock or um social media or even a
lend it just goes right to like buy from
me here's what you buy from me and the
best of what i do buy for me
and relate to the point earlier um
people need to like know you and like
you and trust you before they're willing
to accept a sales message from you it's
like if you showed up to a first date
and you're just like hi my name is joe
let's go make out some people might like
that but most people might be like whoa
whoa whoa whoa like slow down there we
just met
and marketing can be like dating it's
just developing a relationship now you
show to the first lap
yes let's lean into that okay
absolutely right so like um a more
typical way to start a relationship hi
my name is jill what's your name oh nice
to meet you what do you like to do like
oh let's have some nice conversation
we're feeling good and then we say good
night and then we see each other again a
few days later and you build that
relationship over time and build those
steps together to learn if you're a good
fit for each other or not before getting
to um closing the deal uh so that's what
i would suggest here is maybe um don't
try to close the deal right away bring
people in to show them why they should
like you before earn the right to sell
to them that's why to say it like it's
not a given right to sell to anyone who
comes across you so earn the right to
sell your services
yeah i love that um so mistakes that i
see
i mean that's a that's a big mistake and
you know what's ironic that a lot of
these people that are selling themselves
first are also the people that are
uncomfortable selling themselves
and that's the indicator like that's why
you're uncomfortable is because you've
missed this well for me no like and
trust i call it um uh like growth
nurture cell
so like there's i see it in like a bunch
of different ways but i always say that
your content needs to have like three
different gears um so growth or like
outreach
and then nurture make your followers
fall in love with you and then sell and
sell is the smallest when i like depict
it as a drawing sell is the smallest
gear
right it's the thing we do the least and
if you're really uncomfortable with
selling well maybe you haven't spent
enough time listening maybe you haven't
spent enough time getting to know people
and dating and nurturing that
relationship and hearing them out and
providing value just for free for no
reason right
because then when it's time to sell
you're just making an offer and you're
not like pushing it on anyone you're
just like here you want it great take it
it's yours but no pressure
absolutely that's just something i
talked about in a recent coaching
session with someone like you should
feel like you're giving it all away for
free if you choose to use a platform
like picktalk or i'm going to speak to
tic toc but that's what i know best but
there are other social platforms agenda
knows much better than i do but if
you're using sharing value as the way to
market your services and get people to
know you should feel like you're giving
out away from for free because as jenna
said earlier the part that people have
trouble with isn't finding advice like
throw a stone you'll find 10 people
trying to give you business advice the
hard part is taking that advice
determining if it's relevant for your
business
and then actually executing it
that's the really hard part so don't be
scared that oh my god i'm gonna give it
all away and so people like no no
because you give it all away people will
want to grow with you like that's how
you nurture them to use jenna's language
and then
you don't even need to sell they'll come
to you and say i want your services
tell me can i take you out on a date
and ultimately you're giving away
some how to some like sometimes my tip
talks are like do this then this than
this and then you'll get the result but
sometimes it's just a concept like think
about it this way and once your consumer
can think about it that way then they're
going to come to you for the exact step
by step and
the concept is in service to your
customers because people need to think
differently before they can
apply something right that maybe sounded
a little bit esoteric but like
someone needs to discover you and
realize that google ads are going to
help them before they're going to do
load any money do any research or create
any google ads like the realization that
that's a solution and he needs to be
part of the strategy right
absolutely and it takes time like uh
i started my business now i guess in may
by accident i'll call like a real
business as of june and like i was
spending so much time on marketing and
very little time on doing because i had
to like get this ball rolling and now
i'm sitting here eight or nine months
later and like i get at least one new
lead every single day
and most of them hear about me from tick
tock some hear about me because i've
been on podcasts i also love being a
podcast guest jenna it's great none of
the responsibility just go and shine and
back out after that um and and it's
great and like and i have to say no to
most of them most people come to me hey
megan uh most people come to say hey
will you set up my google ads for me and
it's like oh i'm really sorry i don't do
that anymore uh but i can coach you if
you want or like refer you to someone
else who can help um and so you can get
there but i think
another mistake i guess some service
based business providers can make in the
beginning is like doing all the things
for a month and then saying it's not
working
and it takes time to work
it takes time to build that funnel and
nurture those people and build that
trust and awareness okay can i add on to
that another video yeah okay just so you
know we've had a question here any tips
on creating value when you're just
starting out
i just want to point that out in case
that was related to what you're adding
here totally fine
so um
tips on creating value when you're just
starting out what what did can you tell
us more about like what you offer
poster
i mean i see an
design
sorry jen i totally cut you off when you
were about to say something
that's okay okay here so let me speak to
this panic thing that happens when
you're not selling from instagram this
is another reason that often people's
sales content flops is because
when you're when you haven't been
putting in that groundwork as we said
your consumer is not ready but also if
you haven't taken time like you were
saying you started in may you started
with your marketing and giving and
providing value and nurturing and
listening and you did all of those
things and then the sales came but say
you skipped those things because you
were too busy from your marketing right
so you're you've got your head down and
you're building all these google ads
you're doing all the work yourself and
you're not focused on marketing because
you've got money coming in and you're
doing your job right but then
the work dries up as it does it comes in
flows and cycles the work dries up so
then you go oh snap i need to market
myself and then if you wait until then
to sell yourself that desperation is all
throughout everything that you create
so what you did was perfect you were
working while simultaneously marketing
right even when we have business and we
have money coming in we want to be
selling ourselves and marketing and
nurturing like doing the marketing
platforms doing the tick tocks all of
that so that when it's time to like ask
the universe for money we're coming at
it from this like place of abundance as
opposed to oh i don't have any work
lined up next month i better make a
sales post because it reads like it it
it reads even if you are copy i swear
even if you're copying pasting a post
that you used when you didn't have that
energy like it reads i can't explain why
it absolutely does it absolutely does
and um for those who are just joining we
are talking about how to market your
services based business so please feel
free to ask us questions about services
marketing if you're enjoying the live
just double tap your screen a bunch of
times that'll send us lives that'll send
us likes and let ticktalk know to send
more people to this live okay i have my
answer for value when you're just
starting out
great okay i heard this explained once
and i'm so sorry that i can't credit the
original person because i don't remember
who said it but um they basically like
drew a triangle
who said that
a marketer drew a triangle and they put
a line across it like right here right
and they're like if you um
you don't need grade 12
chemistry to teach grade two math
you only need grade four math to teach
grade two math right so you could build
up empire with a million dollar course
if you have the ability to teach grade
two math so you only really need grade
four math you don't need to be like a
mathematician to teach grade two math so
i think that's something to think about
because whatever you know about dude
i don't i have no idea right so even if
you're just starting out but you have
enough
knowledge of that industry to like be
starting out there are millions of
people out there who don't know what you
know
um so you can teach like the simplest
things and provide like what to you
seems like the simplest piece of value
like we're not on here making tick tocks
about the most complex stuff that we
know
i'm telling you how to get more
engagement like i'm telling you like the
simplest pieces because when you're just
starting out those are the pieces that
you need um and the other thing is to
think about value as just entertainment
education inspiration so it doesn't even
need to be
about like the specifics of your
industry it could just be
you walking your dog
and talking to other people other like
dog owners and saying oh i took a break
from my desk where i am a top-notch uh
creator you know her like you know over
whatever it is you do um to walk my dog
and then that's like that's still
valuable content to like i mean it could
look like anything is what i'm trying to
say like your value content doesn't need
to be
academic
yes it's such a great point value really
depends on the audience like when i
started creating content on tiktok um
i just considered myself a google ads
expert and so i like didn't talk about
other things because i didn't consider
myself an expert in google my business
or google analytics because yeah when
you work at google compared to a lot of
people at google i was not
the foremost expert in those things and
then coming outside of that universe and
looking like the rest of the world out
there it's like you know what i actually
am a google analytics expert and i am a
google my business expert depending who
i'm talking to and so because of that
i've actually um
changed the way i think about different
audience on different platforms like on
tick tock on instagram my audience is
fellow entrepreneurs and small business
owners and compared to that audience i
am the foremost google expert but then
recently i've gotten um more involved on
twitter where the audience is different
the audience is other ads experts and so
in that audience i'm not trying to
pretend or act like i'm the foremost
expert i'm joining the community and
engaging in different conversations
there and like talking about things that
i would never talk about on tick tock
because the audience there cares about
something different and my objective
there um
is also different like i'm hoping that
over time these are people who might buy
my course or seek out my coaching not to
get started on google ads but to like
really advance you know expertise in
google ads so you can have different
audiences and different kinds of value
on different platforms or you can say i
don't have that much time to market and
still stick to one audience and what
kind of value that's totally fine also
okay you know why it's so funny that you
say that
well one there's a comment right now
about the imposter syndrome is real and
i hear you and when i saw
google ads expert in your bio i was like
oh man i'm so envious
that she has the courage to use that
expert word
because not that you're not not that i'm
not not that anybody's not but it takes
like authority to use the e-word
you know you need to be like really
confident and like you say you need to
know your audience in order to use the
e-word and it can be so scary and it
like makes the imposter syndrome just
like
i have
450 videos like hundreds of thousands of
views and i can count on one hand the
number of times i've had troll comments
like it's just
why would you bother trolling me talking
about google ads i don't know but on
twitter i think people really
are much more like well i'm an expert
i'm an expert i'm an expert and like if
they disagree with what i'm saying they
come for me like i've had to use that
block feature a lot over there because i
have that expert
you know word in my bio so there's like
two
sides to it you know i'm newer to
twitter i'm not sure if i want to stay
engaged in that community because i
don't see it as being very welcoming and
open to different perspectives which is
why i went there so like transparently
i'm debating do i even want to be
playing in that maybe i'd rather put my
time and energy into sharing my capital
e expertise on tick tock where the
community has been wonderful and warm
and where i in turn i'm learning from so
many other experts like yourself so
that's something i'm kind of grappling
with right now is twitter worth it or
not i welcome your input in the comments
what i'm hearing is showcase what you
know to demonstrate how your service
solves someone's problem oh okay yeah
that is one piece of content that you
can be creating showcasing what you know
and demonstrating how your service
solves someone's problem
even just pointing out what that problem
is can be a piece of content pointing
out what the problem is in the words
that person
is using
showcasing it i hear like um maybe
that's somehow too maybe that's some
social proof like um here's here's sarah
and here's how she had this problem and
now she doesn't anymore thanks to me um
in terms of like value content i think
that that's like something that can be
put into it but also just
telling people how to fix their problems
can be content like
it can all be content you just need to
like think about it differently
yes actually jenna i would love your
advice about something and to those just
joining welcome we are talking about how
to market your services uh with a social
media expert and a google expert here
together and so i would love your advice
about um like testimonials and reviews
and sharing those on social because on
the one hand i'm like i've been in
business a couple months i have some
great reviews i know that i shouldn't
just post a review in my instagram feed
and call it a day um but i think i know
what not to do but i'm not sure what to
do can you give some examples of how
service providers like myself can share
reviews in an interesting way to their
audience i have so many opinions
we want to hear them we want to hear
them
okay so
i need you dear listener
to think about every single piece of
content you put out there even your
content what i call post that sell even
your content that's designed to like
make a conversion the sales stuff
to be in service to your follower to be
in service to the person who is reading
it so if you put out um
something that looks like a flyer
that's not in service to the person who
is consuming it right so even when
you're posting a testimonial the
question is how do we make this
interesting to
a reader because we know testimonials
are so valuable it's in marketing we
call it social proof it shows people
that you're who you say you are it makes
people feel more comfortable purchasing
with you it makes people trust you so
testimonials are so valuable but if we
just slab a say like a purple back oh no
a red background
with like
um
like oh this
i got so many clicks on my google ad yay
thank you so much
that doesn't give anything to like the
instagram viewer okay so
what about this
give tell me a testimonial that you've
gotten that's like that you're proud of
can you think of one
yeah there's one from a client who um
runs an agency and she calls me her
secret weapon has this testimonial
because like her clients don't know i
exist
but behind the scenes i meet with her
team regularly i'm in their slack
channel i'm their like secret google
expert that like i work with them almost
every day helping them so it's like her
secret weapon and i love that but i'm
like just posting that feels weird
okay so perfect
so here's what we do
we're gonna reverse engineer the post so
that that testimonial stay with me is
the evidence for whatever the first
slide is
so the first slide in your like swipe
post is going to be
five things
going on behind the scenes in successful
businesses that you don't know about
and taking notes right yeah and then
you're gonna swipe through it and you're
gonna be like um seo the first thing you
can't see it when you read someone's
website but it's working behind the
scenes the second thing uh professional
social media management you can't see
the strategy someone's employing on
social media all you see is what they
post and it's impossible to know their
professional strategy three
coffee the third one's gonna be a joke
four
whatever you know and one
is gonna be
your service and what you offer so say
how do you say it like uh um
google google ads getting you at the top
ranked person top-ranked search on
youtube yeah have like the best google
ads expert like at your fingertips or
yeah whatever yeah exactly and then you
do your five things and then the last
slide is going to be this testimonial
that proves that you're telling the
truth which is
we love her she's our secret weapon
these google ads have brought in tens of
thousands of dollars to our business
that's amazing thank you
so you take this testimonial you reverse
engineer it and you're like what is that
the evidence of okay now the post needs
to be something that's going to give
value but i'm also telling them about
what i offer and then proving that i'm
telling the truth
and there what i love about that is that
the testimonial itself
is not the post
the truth says wow i love that approach
yeah i love that approach too the
testimonial is um the so like the not
the what it's so you know what i mean
it's like not the whole purpose it just
supports
the purpose of something that actually
adds value
yes absolutely and then another way that
i like to use them
is um sneak attack
so say you are doing your sales post you
go like
is this the thing that do you want more
followers on instagram do you want more
engagement swipe right um
um in my program
like i'm so shameless like in my program
magic marketing machine you get blah
blah blah uh swipe testimonial
swipe here are three things that you can
do to get more engagement do you know
what i mean so you're kind of like doing
a post but you pepper in the testimonial
one of them and they're just gonna like
go past it but part of the testimonials
purpose is like actually reading it um
and part of it is just knowing positive
testimonials exist
yes having like the stars there and just
being like someone likes it okay
i love that thank you and i can see some
of yours do as well all right i know we
only have a few more minutes here today
before we have to get back to our client
work and all that other goods and
marketing our businesses and all that
other good stuff um so if you're just
joining us welcome to the last few
minutes of our live for today you're
here with jenna and jill from toronto
canada
and we're talking about how to market
your services if you're enjoying this
live you can double tap that screen for
us to send us some likes and if you have
any other questions you would like to
ask a social media expert a google
expert about how you can market your
services um this is your chance to do so
we have 31 viewers here with us now and
we would love to make sure that we
answer your questions we're getting so
many good questions
we're not even getting to what we
planned for this live because of all the
good questions
yes so we had a plan for this live oh my
god if no one's gonna ask questions okay
i'll just give jenna advice and jenna
will give me advice and you will all
learn from that uh i still managed to
sneak some of jenna's advice out of here
so thank you we've been getting great
questions from everyone so thank you so
much um for your participation today and
for engaging us with your businesses
okay peter has a question for us hey
guys i'm starting to market my business
on tick tock
where do i begin
um
yes i will say a shameless plug i have a
tick tock for business course that's
linked in my bio so i think that's a
great place to begin but i'm going to
give you the sneak peek of the beginning
of it um so you know what it uh contains
and the best place i say that getting
started marketing your business on tick
tock is participate before create
just like if you were to go to a foreign
country for the first time you would
probably google like how to say thank
you in italian or like what some common
italian foods are if you didn't know
before you landed in that country so
first peter what i'd advise you to do is
look to other creators in the niche
you're planning to reach niche just
means like the target audience and topic
that you're planning to engage on and
what are the conversations that are
happening and just start commenting on
other people's posts
just participating and then once you
feel a bit more confident with that then
don't try to start from scratch start by
just do wedding or stitching an existing
video right a lot less intimidating than
trying to create your own value from
scratch is to just add more value onto
someone else's and as you do that
that'll be a way to participate
in the community understand the norms
and understand where you fit in before
taking the leap to becoming a capital c
content creator for your business so
that's how i recommend getting started
on tick tock don't try to go from zero
to a hundred participate then create
capital e expert capital c content
creator
capital j jill and jenna
there we go jj and another jay actually
has a question um that i'll let you
answer jenna what social media marketing
resources do you recommend okay well my
program instagram your magic marketing
machine waitlist and bio
but also um if you're like a strategy
brained person i really like the social
media marketing podcast because they
they stay up to date on all sorts of
trends so if you're starting out don't
go there that's a little bit much um i'm
starting out i have a free download in
my bio and a program in that but if
you're like i don't know where you're at
jay but like if you're ready to like
think of some bigger broader digital
marketing strategies with social media
at the forefront then that's a great
podcast to go to
great all right well thank you everyone
so much for joining us here today thank
you jenna so much for joining me live
today um really was such a pleasure to
learn from jenna to share some of my
capital e expertise and to get to chat
with all of you about your businesses so
that we can all grow together this
replay will be live on my youtube link
in bio sure no i'll hang around for you
um so if you want to catch some of this
later if you joined later want to see
the beginning
by this evening this will be on my
youtube channel as well which is linked
in my bio so thank you everyone for
joining us today
wonderful and i saw noor i had a last
question so i'll hang around for her um
we'll shut down the live after that
so welcome to well
there it's so nice to so nice to see so
much interaction and thanks for having
me we should do this again
i would love to and i saw you were
actually live on instagram this morning
that's one that i have not
done yet so i'm like oh i have to try
going live on instagram now
we can do that together if you want
really
of course
oh yeah i would love that all right so
you can see us both live on instagram
soon um noora says i'm a marketing
expert but i need help increasing my
digital hands-on experience where do i
start yes thank you for asking newer so
like if you have
the theoretical expertise to do
something but you need more practice of
just doing it
how do you do it
um
lots of different conflicting advice
i've seen on this before so what i would
say
and jenna please feel free to disagree
with me if you have different advice
what i would say is if there are people
in your
network friends family whatever who
could use your services then i would
suggest offering your services
not for free but just not for money in
exchange for
um a video testimonial at the end a
review on your facebook and google and
everything at the end feedback
throughout like they'll be compensating
you with like feedback and social proof
instead of money which will help you get
that hands-on experience in return get
the reviews you need to go out and find
more clients what i'd also suggest if
you're comfortable with it is the
process of you doing and getting the
experience create content out of that
which is also going to help you get more
clients later so that is what i would
advise what do you think jenna our last
question and last answer for today
i and i love this comment that is what i
call a fruitful live
uh we're not holding back so um i agree
basically you're going to look for
opportunities to to um create a uh
case study right so you can either go
out there and get clients for less than
the dog is wrapped in my curtain right
now it's actually pretty adorable um
okay so go up there and either work for
in-kind or lower than the rate that you
want um with the open communication that
it is because you want those
testimonials at the end so like make
that agreement at the beginning that
you're going to be able to track what
you do as a case study and then receive
testimonials when you provide what
you've said you will um if you do want
to do it for free you can offer this
like a free service to a charity or an
organization that you stand by so i
still um will offer the occasional
discounted rate to um a cause that i
really stand by i used to work in film a
lot so sometimes a documentary will come
to me that's really something that i
want to help get out there on race or
something like that um so that's an
that's an opportunity but like going out
there and as they say make your own work
but make sure as jill said to track it
along the way find other ways to create
content out of it and get those
testimonials at the end
awesome well thank you again so much
everyone if you want to hear more from
jenna and myself of course you can
follow us here but both of us have our
instagrams linked from our profiles as
well uh we both have newsletters and all
that kind of stuff so just visit the
links in each of our profiles if you'd
like to hear more from us thank you so
much for joining us today and hopefully
we'll be on your